Update landing page (#712)
apollographql/docs: src/content/basics/index.mdx

---

> title: Apollo documentation

Author: ```suggestion
title: Documentation
```

  SiYoutube
} from 'react-icons/si';

> Apollo provides the developer platform and tools to unify your data and services into a supergraph—a single distributed GraphQL API. Use Apollo for all things GraphQL, including [getting started with GraphQL](#for-graphql-newcomers), [building your first API](#for-api-developers), [querying an API](#for-client-developers), and [migrating your platform onto the supergraph](#for-architects).

Reviewer: I like this new intro. 
Tiny detail: I'm not sure what, but something about the "Use Apollo for all things GraphQL" doesn't ring quite right. It might sound unspecific or too familiar in this spot. Also repeats: All things _GraphQL_, including getting started with _GraphQL_(...)

An attempt:
```suggestion
Apollo provides the developer platform and tools to unify your data and services into a supergraph—a single distributed GraphQL API. Apollo makes GraphQL work for you at any stage and any scale, whether you're [getting started](#for-graphql-newcomers), [building your first API](#for-api-developers), [querying an API](#for-client-developers), and [migrating your platform onto the supergraph](#for-architects).
```

Author: Ah, I like it!

## For architects

<GradientCard
  icon={DOCSET_ICONS.graphos}
  title="Build a supergraph"
  description="Use Apollo GraphOS to define, build, connect, and observe all of your data services together in a supergraph."
  path="/graphos"
  cta="Learn about GraphOS"
/>

<DocsetGrid>
  <Docset
    icon={DOCSET_ICONS.check}
    title="Adopt best practices"

>     description="Assess your graph's current state with the Supergraph Architecture Framework (SAF)."

Reviewer: Nice to add SAF in here. 
Might be nice to tweak the blurb to show that it's not just a score but a set of best practices/recommendations tailored to their current graph state. Something like:

```suggestion
    description="Assess your graph with the Supergraph Architecture Framework (SAF) and get tailored recommendations to improve it."
```

>     path="https://www.apollographql.com/tutorials/browse?categories=GraphOS"

Author: ```suggestion
    path="https://www.apollographql.com/tutorials/browse/?categories=enterprise"
```

>     cta="Explore tutorials"

Reviewer 2: Should we provide explanations or tutorials for architects? Ideally we'd have a replacement set of explanations for Principled GRaphQL. If tutorials, this set of GraphOS tutorials is broad, is there one or a subset that conveys some aha moments/lessons specifically for architects?

Author: I think the "Enterprise best practices" courses are a good subset, but I couldn't find a filter for it... this seems to be the closest thing. I could also foresee replacing this card with REST connectors/Cloud Dedicated in the midterm, so am not sure we need to perfect it.

Author: Decided to plug SAF here: https://github.com/apollographql/docs/pull/712/commits/b3a78bc313d0135ddef0676a4bb6a38265a45b13

>     title="Master concepts"
>     description="Boost your skills with hands-on tutorials on GraphQL, GraphOS, and enterprise best practices."
>     path="https://www.apollographql.com/tutorials/browse?categories=GraphOS"
>     cta="Explore tutorials"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    title="Master concepts"
    description="Learn hands-on with tutorials on GraphQL, GraphOS, and enterprise best practices."
    path="https://www.apollographql.com/tutorials/browse?categories=GraphOS"
    cta="Explore tutorials"
```

  />
  <Docset
    icon={DOCSET_ICONS.technotes}
    title="Learn from the field"

>     description="Learn from Apollo's own solutions architects through technical articles on specialized topics."

Reviewer: I'm still unsure how this card will prove to be useful on the landing page. Mainly in terms of journey.
You basically go from the highest level, down to hyper-specific, into the weeds.

Author: True. @shorgi suggested the Reference architecture as a good starting point, let's use that.

>     title="Learn from the field"
>     description="Read in-depth articles on specialized Apollo topics from our own solutions architects."
>     path="/technotes"
>     cta="Explore tech notes"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    title="Notes from the field"
    description="Learn specialized topics in depth from Apollo's solutions architects."
    path="/technotes"
    cta="Explore tech notes"
```

Author: This change feels a little awkward since it would be the only card where the title is a noun rather than a CTA. The description feels a little clunky to me too. I don't think the repetition of "learn" is a problem since it's the clearest verb to describe what this section is for.

What about:

```suggestion
    title="Learn from the field"
    description="Learn about specialized topics from Apollo's own solutions architects."
    path="/technotes"
    cta="Explore tech notes"
```

Author: I could also foresee us replacing both of these cards with REST Connectors / Cloud Dedicated in the midterm..

Reviewer 2: Yeah, overthinking this, it's good enough 👍 

The SAF and Ref Arch pages are also good alternatives.

Author: Oh, I like the SAF / Ref Arch idea!

  />
</DocsetGrid>

## For API developers

<Docset
  icon={DOCSET_ICONS.nodejs}
  title="Build a GraphQL server in Node.js"
  description="Build a production-ready API that handles multiple datasources with Apollo Server."
  path="/apollo-server"
  cta="Explore Apollo Server docs"
/>
<DocsetGrid>
  <Docset
    icon={DOCSET_ICONS.java}
    title="Build a server in Java"

>     description="Explore the tutorial on implementing a GraphQL API with Java and DGS."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    description="Explore a tutorial on implementing a GraphQL API with Java and DGS."
```

    path="https://www.apollographql.com/tutorials/intro-dgs"
    cta="Begin tutorial"
  />
  <Docset
    icon={DOCSET_ICONS.csharp}

>     title="Build a server in C#"

Author: Indeed, was a spacing constraint, but the tradeoff of having two lines might be better for clarity sake

>     description="Explore the tutorial on implementing a GraphQL API with .NET (C#) and Hot Chocolate."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    description="Explore a tutorial on implementing a GraphQL API with .NET (C#) and Hot Chocolate."
```

    path="https://www.apollographql.com/tutorials/intro-hotchocolate"
    cta="Begin tutorial"
  />
</DocsetGrid>

## For client developers

**Apollo Client** is the industry-standard GraphQL client library. Execute GraphQL operations, cache their results, and manage your application's state in one place.

<Docset icon={DOCSET_ICONS['apollo-client']} title="React / JS" path="/react" />
<DocsetGrid>
  <Docset icon={DOCSET_ICONS['apollo-ios']} title="iOS" path="/ios" />
  <Docset icon={DOCSET_ICONS['apollo-kotlin']} title="Kotlin" path="/kotlin" />
</DocsetGrid>

## For GraphQL newcomers

<GradientCard
  icon={DOCSET_ICONS.graphql}

>   title="Ship features faster"
>   description="Understand how GraphQL and Apollo can enhance developer experience and help ship features faster."
>   path="/intro/benefits"
>   cta="Learn about GraphQL"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  title="Improve developer velocity"
  description="Understand how GraphQL and Apollo help enhance developer experience and ship features faster."
  path="/intro/benefits"
  cta="Learn about GraphQL"
```

  SiYoutube
} from 'react-icons/si';

**Apollo GraphOS** is the developer platform for building a [**supergraph**](./intro/platform/)—a unified network of your organization's data and services, all composed into a single distributed **GraphQL API**.

> Apollo provides tools and resources for every developer who interacts with GraphQL. That's whether you're just [getting started with GraphQL](#for-graphql-newcomers), [building your first API](#for-api-developers), [querying an existing one](#for-client-developers), or [moving your entire organization onto the supergraph](#for-architects).

Reviewer 2: Nice! 👍 

One copyedit for `into a supergraph`

I'm ok with but not completely convinced that an appositive (`supergraph—a single distributed GraphQL API`) improves readability, especially for the first sentence of the main landing page. At least it's better than our currently published one, which has a parenthetical in an appositive.

```suggestion
Apollo provides the developer platform and tools to unify your data and services into a supergraph—a single distributed GraphQL API. Use Apollo for all things GraphQL, including [getting started with GraphQL](#for-graphql-newcomers), [building your first API](#for-api-developers), [querying an API](#for-client-developers), and [migrating your platform onto the supergraph](#for-architects).
```

  SiYoutube
} from 'react-icons/si';

> **Apollo GraphOS** is the developer platform for building a [**supergraph**](./intro/platform/)—a unified network of your organization's data and services, all composed into a single distributed **GraphQL API**.

Reviewer 3: Nice! (Also I like "Apollo docs" => "Documentation".)

<DocsetGrid>
  <Docset
    icon={DOCSET_ICONS.graphql}

>     title="Benefits of GraphQL"

Author: Is there a more specific argument to make for GraphQL? (I.e. "Scaling w/ GraphQL" or "Performance w/ GraphQL")

Reviewer 3: I think it's worth asking if we want this tile to be prominent. Right now it means we need to convince the user of two things: using GraphQL AND using Apollo. And the user wants to learn as little as possible, they just want to unify their services. Whereas if we flip this around and orient it to the user's problem being solved we can toss in "oh, and you get all the benefits of GraphQL in the process" along the way.

Reviewer 3: Oh, and with "For GraphQL newcomers" being the next prominent element, we're basically presenting 2 different options for them to learn more about the same thing, which isn't ideal.

Author: Good call. For now, I think we are still trying to win folks over to GraphQL so advertising this resource on the homepage makes sense. I did bump down "For GraphQL newcomers" to the button of the page to avoid taking folks out of the docs. (I.e., they'll only go to this link if they saw nothing else on the homepage that interested them.)

    description="Understand how GraphQL and Apollo can help you improve your organization's developer experience and ship features faster."
    path="/intro/benefits"
    cta="Explore the benefits of GraphQL"
  />
  <Docset
    icon={DOCSET_ICONS.graphos}
    title="Introducing GraphOS"
    description="Connect any GraphQL API to Apollo's cloud platform to enable powerful features like schema governance and metrics reporting."
    path="/graphos"
    cta="Learn about GraphOS"
  />
</DocsetGrid>

> Apollo provides tools and resources for every developer who interacts with GraphQL. That's whether you're just [starting with GraphQL](#for-graphql-newcomers), [moving your entire organization onto the supergraph](#for-enterprise-architects), [building your first API](#for-api-implementers), or [querying an existing one](#for-client-developers).

Reviewer 3: I like this paragraph a lot: it doesn't matter who you are, you can benefit from Apollo.

> ## For GraphQL newcomers

Reviewer 3: (Sorry...) It's a little bit weird that we present 4 types of users and then present more information + links to each type but in 2 different ways. Which is to say the newcomers get the single fancy gradient and the others get a set of tiles.

Author: Hmm yes, will discuss with the group if we want to keep this visual difference for Odyssey.

<Odyssey />

## For enterprise architects

<DocsetGrid>
  <Docset
    icon={DOCSET_ICONS.federation}
    title="Combine APIs"
    description="Implement a single, unified supergraph that combines multiple APIs with Apollo Federation."
    path="/federation"

>     cta="Learn about Apollo Federation"

Author: ```suggestion
    cta="Explore Apollo Federation docs"
```

  />
  <Docset
    icon={DOCSET_ICONS.router}
    title="Host your router"
    description="Deploy and configure your supergraph's router in your own infrastructure."
    path="/router"

>     cta="Explore the Apollo Router"

Author: ```suggestion
    cta="Explore the Apollo Router docs"
```

  />
  <Docset
    icon={DOCSET_ICONS.technotes}
    title="Learn from the field"
    description="Read in-depth articles on specialized Apollo topics from our own solutions architects."
    path="/technotes"
    cta="Browse tech notes"
  />
  <Docset
    icon={DOCSET_ICONS.principled}
    title="Master principles"
    description="Learn about the fundamental principles that underlie Apollo's supergraph architecture."
    path="https://principledgraphql.com/"

>     cta="Visit Principled GraphQL"

Reviewer 3: Nit (sorry) but "Visit" is an odd word choice here. I thiiiink we're trying to call out that it's going to another site, but that's fairly subtle. I can't quite figure out the pattern for these links on the page. We're almost always using "Explore..." except for "Learn more...", "Browse", and "Visit".

Author: Good call!

I standardized to "Explore" when the link pointed to a whole set of docs vs. "Learn" when the link goes to a one-pager.  Also added icons to differentiate when you were staying within the documentation vs. going to an external page to make it less subtle.
